# Minecraft LuckPerms Discord Webhook Monitor
This GoLang application listens for events from the Minecraft LuckPerms plugin and sends notifications to a Discord webhook.

## Overview

This project provides a simple solution for server administrators or moderators who want to keep track of important events happening in their Minecraft server, particularly those managed by the LuckPerms plugin. By integrating with Discord webhooks, administrators can receive real-time notifications directly to their Discord server channels.

## Features
* Event Monitoring: Listens for events generated by the LuckPerms plugin.
* Real-Time Notifications: Sends notifications to a Discord webhook as soon as events occur.
* Easy Integration: Simple setup process for connecting the application with a Discord webhook.

## Requirements
* GoLang 1.22.3 or higher
* Minecraft server running LuckPerms plugin
* Discord server with a webhook URL
* Configured LuckPerms mongodb database connection string

## Installation
1. Clone this repository to your local machine:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/IdanKoblik/Luckperms-notifier
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
```bash
cd Luckperms-notifier
```

3. Build the application:
```bash
go build
```

4. Configure the application by editing the `config.json`
```json
{
    "url": "discord-webhook-url",
    "mongo_connection_url": "mongodb-connection-url",
    "mongo_database" : "mongodb-database-name",
    "collection": "mongodb-collection-name"
}
```

5. 
```bash
./luckperms-notifier
```

## Usage
Once the application is running, it will start listening for events from the LuckPerms plugin on your Minecraft server. On every event, a notification will be sent to the configured Discord webhook.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you have any ideas for improvements or new features, feel free to submit a pull request.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.